What happens when you initialize a repository?
  A .git repository is created that contains the necessary files to do version control on the parent directory. Remember, this doesn't do a commit. The user needs to do this

Why do you need to do it?
  This is the setup step so that the user can utilize the git shell commands for version control. A repository is created so that commits can add files/changes from the working directory to the repository
__

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
  The staging area doesn't contain the actual files like the directory and doesn't contain a a record of commits like the repository. Instead it is a temporary place where a user can specify the files whose changes he want commit to the repository
What value do you think it offers?
  It means that a user doesn't need to add all of the changes to the files in the directory to a commit. Instead a user can specify the exact file(s) he wants to commit changes. This contributes to employing the concept of one commit per logical change
--
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
  You can use the staging area to add one file out of a collection of files to specify what change you want them to commit
--
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
  Branches are useful when a user would like to create different versions of a project. Also, when a user would like to experiment with a feature he can do this without changing the master build
How would branches help?
  Branches create allow users to create multiple versions of a project and maintain version history on them simultaneously
--
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  The diagrams are a great visualization of branches in the repository. It helps me easily understand where branches occur and what changes are part of a certain branch.
--
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
  All of the changes made between the two branches will be reconciled and combined into a singled commit. It is represented this way because a single file is made from the two different branches with different changes,
